hey guys welcome to the TC running new
product review I'm Adam Lind L I'm Curt
Decker and today we're going to talk to
you a little bit about some of the new
products that asics has just released
the asics kayano 17 the d/s trainer 16
and the 2160 first you just kind of
wanted to show that the brand new piano
17 it's kind of nice we actually get it
a month before most accounts but the new
kayano very similar to the old channel
16 mainly just some cosmetic changes
still the asymmetrical lace design the
dual performance he'll fit this is the
women's here and again continuing with
the women's with the soft top dual max
full-length opposed to provide a little
bit extra cushion just that little step
in feel so price points still 140 note
changes your ice which leaves in kind of
a nice new update which is the the DI 17
they have this new help me out with that
one heel counter however they call that
the what was it it's just good yeah
they're clutch was the clutch we're
gonna head to the color the clutch
collar clutch collar yes that's it so I
just were increased fit through the heel
which is kind of nice you know adding a
little bit more material or on the heel
that haven't added any weight these are
actually going to be point 2 ounces
lighter which is actually pretty nice
and they're in the new guidance system
which just helps which is flexibility in
the forefoot it's basically another flex
groove which is going to allow the foot
to you know the whole transition from
heel through four foot in your gait
cycle tonight they had they had this
initially they launched this in the lent
Joe Landreth which was out this whole
last year and I would say overall wise i
mean the general feedback was very very
good so and clearly they obviously had
good feedback or they wouldn't have
taken it from
one shoe into a whole another shoe
especially issues such as this words I
mean this is really a go-to shoe for
them it's been around for many years and
it's their kind of high-performance type
shoe you know and for all those people
who are real sensitive to the whole lot
you know minimal aspect with shoes I
mean this is a very good shoe for those
persons that want to try something that
has that lower heel 24 foot ratio but
don't want to go quite as radical as you
can with things like vibrams and such
nope and then the classic GT 2160 again
no major changes in the 2150 they had
this personal he'll fit just on the
medial side in the heel cup here they've
actually added lavender lino so you'll
get a better fit help reduce any
slipping going on with the heel but
again you know they've done such a nice
job with this that it's such an easy
transition coming in from the 2150 into
the 2160 and again they've added that
that guidance line vertically just you
know to help with that transition you
know colors pretty standard always good
old blue white and blue can't go wrong
with those don't you but yeah no no no
reason to rock the boat here so so
that's some of the new offerings from a
six that we just recently got in please
come check them out and see give us your
input on what uses our first little
issue of product new product review with
TC running and you know kind of look for
these a couple times a week our next
feature will include the new vibram kso
trek sport will also have a review with
some petzval headlamps and then I also
see EP compression see these precious XO
we're kind of always keeping new things
here so we'll hope to see at the shop